Updates for primary tags feature (#28609)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/setting_primary_tags_to_scope.md

Environments appear at the top of APM pages. Use the `env` dropdown to scope the data displayed on the current page.

## Add additional primary tags in Datadog

> If you need to aggregate your trace metrics across additional dimensions, we recommend setting up additional primary tags in addition to the mandatory primary tag `env:<ENVIRONMENT>`. Once configured, a second dropdown is available in the **Software Catalog Performance** tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to aggregate your trace metrics across additional dimensions, Datadog recommends setting up additional primary tags in addition to the mandatory primary tag `env:<ENVIRONMENT>`. Once configured, a second dropdown is available in the **Software Catalog Performance** tab. 
```

* Only organization administrators have access to this page.
* Changes may take up to two hours to be reflected in the UI.
* The tracer always adds `resource`, `name`, and `service` tags to spans. Datadog recommends never adding these as host level tags to avoid confusion.

> * The additinoal primary tags support up to 100 unique values per tag. See [APM Data Volume Guidelines][9] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The additional primary tags support up to 100 unique values per tag. See [APM data volume guidelines][9] for details.
```
